[MrBeast] This is $1,000,000
and these are 15
of the biggest Creators
on YouTube.
We have Logan Paul,
Bella Poarch, ZHC,
and so many others.
They're gonna be competing
in 10 huge challenges,
and the winners
of each challenge
will move on to compete
for $1,000,000.
And for our first challenge,
we have an Olympic sprinter.
Whichever one of you touches
him first moves on.
Go for it.
[woman] Oh, no!
[Logan] I'mma get you, baby.
Like I said before,
there's only 10 slots
in the next video
and there's 15 of them.
[Logan] Slow down now, brother!
[MrBeast] Whoever touches him
first gets the first slot.
Oh, my God, look at that.
[Logan] I'm gonna get you.
[MrBeast] Oh, oh!
[Logan] [indistinct]
Wow, that was quick.
I'm the fastest man
on the planet.
For the second challenge,
you pick who moves on.
-[man] Dang!
-[man] Oh.
We're banging these out.
[man] Wow.
[MrBeast] Oh, wow,
that was awesome.
These are the seats of winners,
you two claim
the first two,
I'm gonna move on.
-That was easy.
-Yeah.
[MrBeast]
For the third challenge,
we went and blindfolded
everybody and we hid the money
on the top floor
of this $10 billion stadium.
And if you look down there,
they're all just standing there
in the middle
of the field confused.
You can all remove
your blindfold.
The million dollars is hid
somewhere in this stadium.
First one to touch it moves on.
-Go--
-Go! Go!
[ZHC] I don't see it
anywhere here.
Let's go to level four.
I wanna say six
because it has a star
next to it.
[Lexi] I'm on the third level.
Hello, million dollars?
[Quackity] It's got
to be on the main floor.
I don't think it went higher.
[Ryan] I just did a full circle
on the top floor.
Didn't find anything.
Look at all this.
So much to explore.
I'm going up. Let's go up.
[Ryan] We're six.
[Mark] Ah, the cameras are here.
That's got to mean something.
[Quackity]
There's a camera over here.
-Ah, so much running.
-[Quackity] Yeah.
-Yeah, there it is, yeah!
-[Mark] We found it.
[Quackity] Yeah!
I found the million dollars.
[woman] The money
has been found.
-No.
-[groans]
I'm glad I woke up for this.
[MrBeast] Next I brought
our remaining contestants
and our three winners
to the YouTube Theater,
which is right beside
the stadium.
This next challenge is trivia
and it's pretty simple.
I have one question,
what is the total subscriber
count of all 15 people
invited plus me?
I'm starting a 60-second timer.
Good luck.
I have seen everybody's channels
but I actually don't know
how many subscribers
-everybody has.
-I'm gonna take a wild guess
because I don't have
60 seconds to do this math.
It's called simple arithmetic.
Preston, what are you on?
Aren't you only 20?
-Close.
-Hey, Logan,
-how many do you have?
-Twenty-three.
-[MrBeast] Twenty-three.
-Stop asking.
I think he just hit 20, so.
I'm not telling anyone.
How many subs do you guys have?
-I have 8.2.
-I have 5.8.
Bella, what do you think
the number is?
I wouldn't know either.
I see Zach doing a lot of recon.
Zach's asking a lot
of people their sub count.
-Twenty seconds remain.
-What? What? What?
Don't distract me
right now, Chandler.
Here, you wanna see my answer?
Yeah, I wanna see your answer.
Wait, zero is behind
[indistinct]
[Mark] Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm saying.
[MrBeast] Okay. Ten seconds.
Three, two, one.
All right.
Put your pens down.
The number is 233,042,520
-is everyone's subscribers, so.
-[man] Wow.
You guessed it, bro.
[MrBeast] No one was even close
to ZHC's answer.
All right.
Congratulations, Zach.
[ZHC] Aye!
[MrBeast] Give it a kiss.
Now we have four of our ten
contestants already picked out.
For this next challenge,
we filled the entire stadiums
with cardboard cutouts
and mannequins of Karl,
but one of these
is actually Karl
and whoever touches
the Karl first moves on.
You can go.
-[MatPat] Great.
-[man] Okay.
-[MatPat] Find Karl!
-[woman] No!
[Airrack] Oh, my gosh.
This man's running.
Okay. I'm looking around.
I'm looking for any movement.
[Ryan] Karl! This is so freaky.
[Karl] There are so many Karls.
They can't find me.
Where's this man?
[Zach] I'm gonna find you, Karl.
He's upstairs.
Why are these mannequins
so realistic?
[MrBeast]
You're looking for Karl.
He's around 6-foot tall.
Jimmy said I'm 6-foot.
If I had to guess,
I have a feeling
Bella's gonna win this one.
Wait, no, that means
she was on the right track?
Okay.
I'm following Bella.
-[man] Nope.
-[Bella] Oh, my gosh.
[MrBeast] Hey,
that's just Chandler.
It's only a matter of time.
This is so nerve-wracking.
[Sofie] Oh, my God.
Oh, I got him.
Congratulations,
you found me.
I was almost gonna go back.
[Airrack] They're right there.
I was literally
on the right floor.
So far, we have half
of our 10 contestants
picked out.
And if I was one of you ten,
I would start
to get a little nervous.
Second half
is when I turn it on.
Airrack has not said a word
in a very long time.
-Leave me alone.
-He's getting pissed.
Are you even
in this competition?
-Have you done anything?
-I'm trying!
I'm trying!
We have custom-made dolls
of each one of you
that we're gonna load
into this cannon.
And if you look out there,
you'll see a giant target.
Whoever lands
closest to the middle, wins.
-Here is your custom-made doll.
-[laughing]
[all] Oh!
Don't move.
I think this is a good angle.
-[man] Wow!
-[man] Whoo-hoo!
That was actually not bad.
Who's next?
She's not tall enough
to see the scope.
So she's gonna stand on Mat.
This is called friendship.
[Rosanna] Whoo!
[Karl] Wait,
that's actually really close.
[MrBeast] Oh.
That might be the winner.
I'm not gonna lie.
-[man] Oh.
-[all] Oh!
All three shots
have made it on the target.
They're much better
at shooting dolls
than I thought.
You don't wanna go
too low or too high, right?
It's about
finding the sweet spot.
Look at him
explaining what he's about
to do even though
he's about to fail.
[MrBeast] Oh, okay.
-Oh, wow.
-[Chandler] Oh, aah.
This is the story
of every Creator Games.
[man] Okay. There it is.
There it is.
That's the worst shot yet.
This is my doll and he's going
right to the middle
of that target.
[man] Oh.
[Ryan] Oh! Yes!
-[Karl] Oh, my God.
-That's so close.
Wait, I actually don't know
who's in the lead now.
Everyone knows this is the most
accurate way of measuring.
She's a thumb and a pinky away.
You're a little bit more
than a thumb and a pinky away.
Rose, congratulations
on moving on!
And for this next competition,
these nine Creators are going
head to head in a talent show
with Dr. Phil as the judge.
Hey, guys.
The contestants keep asking me,
do you have any idea
what you'll judge on?
So if I throw up, bad.
If I don't, good.
Mr. Doctor, it's a pleasure
to meet you today.
-How are you?
-I'm better now
that I'm hanging out with you.
Let's see this talent.
I'm coming.
I'm coming to you, Doctor.
Oh, look at him go.
[Airrack]
This is very dangerous.
All right. Come on.
[groans] My finger.
You got it, you got it.
You did it,
you did it, you did it.
[Airrack] I love you, Dr. Phil.
-Well...
-Did I win or...
-Well, we'll let you know.
-Up next is Lexi Rivera.
[crowd cheering]
That's all I've got.
What do you mean
that's all you got?
That's pretty damn impressive.
[MrBeast] As the talent show
went on, it became clear
that some contestants
had more talent than others.
[piano music playing]
3.14.
[Dr. Phil] All right.
All right.
Uh, what do you call
a late night talk show host
who lost his balance?
Jimmy Fallin'.
That's just a normal
dollar bill, right?
Do some mark,
something I couldn't guess.
I've got a handkerchief here.
I want you to go ahead
and hold this.
-I've got it in there.
-Abracadabra?
Magic isn't real, Dr. Phil.
I'm gonna cut.
Is that your dollar, Dr. Phil?
That is my drawing
on the dollar.
Knife drop.
[MrBeast] And now that they've
all performed their talents,
it's time for Dr. Phil
to pick his favorite.
It comes down, I think, to...
I got to give it to Mark.
[cheering]
Congratulations, Mark.
You're moving on.
And we're heading
to the next challenge.
There are eight contestants
left but only three slots
in our next video.
The funny games are over.
This is where things
get serious.
Chandler,
reveal what's under that.
Whoever flushes the toilet
and comes back here first, wins.
[indistinct chatter]
[Preston screaming]
Holy frick, they are so fast.
Did he say
the entire freaking stadium?
I don't think they realized
that they could
have just flushed this toilet.
[Zach] I'm gonna head upstairs.
[Airrack] I mean,
the further I go,
the better chance I'll have.
What kind of a challenge
is this?
I see Ryan over there.
I hope they're having fun though
looking for, you know, a toilet.
Probably not.
[Ryan] No.
[Preston] Wait.
-[Zach] Yes!
-[toilet bowl flushing]
[Ryan] Done. Whoo!
[Preston] Flush!
Let's go.
I think I got it.
-[Airrack] No!
-[Zach] Whoo-hoo!
I can't believe it.
Oh.
Congratulations, Zach,
you're the best
at finding a bathroom
and flushing a toilet.
And now only two of you
are moving on.
For this next challenge,
we have seven bowling lanes
each with one hundred pins.
Whoever knocks down
the most pins moves on.
And this first lane
has MatPat's face on it.
So you're going first.
Bowling is kind of a religion
in my extended family.
-It doesn't matter, just bowl.
-Great.
[MrBeast] Okay. It's off.
-[MatPat] Oh.
-[MrBeast] Let's see it.
Oh, that was right on.
[MatPat] Whoa, keep going,
keep going, keep going!
Whoo! I'll take it.
You knocked out 86 pins.
I don't know if that's gonna be
strong enough to win.
I suck at bowling.
[MrBeast] Bowl-a Poarch.
Oh, in the side.
[woman] Whoo!
Whoo, whoo, whoo!
[MrBeast] Oh, wait.
Whoa!
[MatPat] What?
Are you kidding me?
She only knocked down 84.
Mat is still in the lead.
-[woman] Oh.
-Oh, I was close.
Just lock down the pins, yeah.
Keep going, keep going!
No!
-[Ryan] No!
-[man] Okay. Wait, wait.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on!
No!
Hey, Lexi,
I've been there before.
Oh, these, like,
get me nervous.
Preston, you've lost
a bunch of challenges.
Is he better than MatPat?
Let's find out.
It doesn't look like he is.
[Preston] Whoa, oh.
[MrBeast] No,
I'm not even gonna count it.
The only person standing
between you and competing
for a million dollars
is this man.
Brothers to the end.
-[Airrack] Ah.
-[MatPat] Sike!
[all] Oh!
[MrBeast] Airrack versus MatPat.
That's a good one.
Oh, it's close,
it's close, it's close.
[MrBeast] I'm gonna
give a precise count.
-Come on, come on, come on.
-[MrBeast] Thirteen, fourteen,
fifteen, sixteen, seventeen,
MatPat did in fact win.
[MatPat] Yeah!
I'm devastated.
He's moving on and we're moving
on the next challenge.
And now it's time
for the final challenge
to figure out
which one of you joins
the $1,000,000 game
of hide and seek.
I'm giving my fans 10 minutes
to vote on which one
of you they think
should move on.
I'm gonna put out
a YouTube community post
and you guys can influence it
how you want.
[man] Come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on.
Okay, share with your audience.
Okay, please vote for me.
How do I win this?
-How do I win this?
-This is life or death.
Please, God, use this link.
Hey, everybody, the votes
are starting to pour in.
Bella Poarch is in the lead.
[Preston] Wait,
we're in second place.
-You're in third.
-Whoa!
[MrBeast] Bella,
you are crushing everyone,
36% of the vote.
I, like, posted
on my Instagram,
my Story, and my Twitter.
Preston, you're the only one
that stands
a chance against Bella.
I'm trying.
How do you copy the link?
[MrBeast] Three
minutes remaining,
Bella is still in the lead.
Philippines is awake.
I posted so much.
[MrBeast] Preston
is in second place.
I'm gonna tell people
to go for you, okay?
-[MrBeast] Oh, really?
-[Pierson] Preston is competing
for a million dollars right now.
I need you guys
to click this link
right here and vote for him.
[Ryan] Help!
Don't just sit there, help us!
[MrBeast] Bella just went up
another percent.
All right. Bella came
in first place with 36%.
Congratulations, Bella.
-Come on over here.
-[all] Whoo!
[MrBeast] These are the 10
finalists that are gonna compete
for this million dollars
in the next video.
Subscribe so you don't miss it.
[singer] ♪ MrBeast, oh... ♪